The integration of SasView (#199)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: README.md

The above step is done to ensure that the compatible version of docutils packages (version 0.12) is installed. 

7. Finally, in this terminal, run `example_scripts/example_runScript_mantid.py`, located in the fitbenchmarking folder. This example script fit benchmarks Mantid using all the available minimizers. The resulting tables can be found in `example_scripts/results`.

## FitBenchmarking Scipy

> The `example_runScripts.py` file is designed to benchmark minimizers supported by scipy instead of mantid (details provided in the file itself).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `example_runScripts.py` file is designed to benchmark minimizers supported by software/libraries that provide straightforward cross-platform Python install; as of know this mean SciPy (more details provided in the file itself).
```
